this man puts on a cursed clown costume
and it won't come off
his final form will leave you shook
remember when you were young and loved
clowns
no me neither but jack over here just
can't get enough
unfortunately the clown they booked for
his birthday had a midlife crisis and
decided
clowning around wasn't for him anymore
not to worry jack's crafty father ken
is up for the task he's a realtor by
trade and figures he can rummage around
the house he's in for some goofy attire
okay we've got something here hey
everybody eh
i'm not convinced you're a clown try
again hey everybody story recapped here
perfect
it's just a joke actually there's
something even cooler waiting in a
mysterious chest behind him
bad idea i wonder what it is back at the
birthday party
kent surprises everyone with his new
clown drip five hours later
the party has ended and ken carries his
son back to bed i know
too hey he's trying his best ken gives
himself a little spook after spotting
his reflection
relatable then he strikes a seductive
pose for his wife
meg he meets her on the couch and they
almost clown around
but she's not into the costume she
leaves the shower and ken passes out
he wakes up the next morning still a
clown sam he slept in and doesn't have
time to change
he drives his son to school then heads
to work why are you dressed like a clown
while the men get to work touching up
the house ken takes a trip to the
bathroom
he scrubs off his clown makeup then has
to go at the wick no dice
how about the nose ken pulls and pulls
but the suit doesn't budge
he finds a knife and tries to slice it
open but ends up cutting himself instead
he tends to his wound then borrows a
hacksaw things escalated quickly
he stuffs it down his collar and turns
it on but he breaks he can do no more
than gaze at his reflection with despair
ken returns home later at night to his
incredulous wife why are you still in
that costume
he explains he really physically cannot
get it off and she laughs
but he's serious meg drags him to the
bathroom where she whips out some of her
dentist tools
she clutches onto his big red nose and
pulls but the pain is unbearable kent
musters up his courage and then
wait stop don't need that meg inspects
kent's wig and realizes
it's his hair we cut to him in the
hospital where a doctor questions him
about his wrist
i cut it by accident he says the doctor
informs him that they have counselors he
can talk to
but kenton says he's fine i'm not a
clown
drop a like if you're here before 100k
please anyway he returns home and sulks
in the shower
then an insatiable hunger strikes ken's
stomach rumbles as he devours birthday
cake
the next morning meg stumbles upon a
note i'm gonna go figure this out okay
thanks bye
oh come on you didn't have to leave a
mess kent returns to the home where he
found the suit and contacts his office
to get more info on the homeowner
he sees the initials kc on the chest
then tidies himself up a bit before
heading to the office
he greets the receptionist grabs the
file then says goodbye
ew oh geez that was quite the cut ken
voraciously eats while inspecting the
file
the house belonged to the late martin
carlson a child then catches his
attention and his stomach growls
foreshadowing continuing his search ken
visits a halloween store where he
finally finds a lead
carlson costumes he calls in inquiring
about the costume in martin's house to
which carlson replies
where's marty cam breaks the news to him
he's in clown heaven
though he's quickly interrupted by
carlson who certainly warns him to stay
away from the costume
don't even touch it he says i'm wearing
it
hello ken explains that he's having a
hard time getting it off and the man
changes his tone oh it's fine the old
fibers can stick to your skin
happens all the time why don't you stop
by my warehouse and we'll get it off in
a jiffy
a relief ken makes his way over and
meets carlson who's practicing his
mannequin impression
i didn't want to scare you they sit and
chat over some tea while carlson
explains the true origins of the clown
it's in fact a mountain dwelling demon
with skin as white as snow
and a reddened nose from the blistering
cold it feasts on children
one for every month of winter suddenly
kent's vision begins to blur
he tries to get up but collapses we cut
to a few minutes later kent is
restrained and carlson prepares to
decapitate him
he manages to break free but receives a
minor flesh wound ken overpowers his
captor and holds him at gunpoint
we then cut to him storming his house
honey there's a man trying to kill me
and he thinks i'm a demon
it's revealed his entire family is
waiting in the background for an
intervention
can't you gotta lay off the mushrooms
okay but seriously so what's the problem
just take off the clown suit man
he leads them to his car where we find a
restrained carlson meg's sister's
husband lunges at kent and attempts to
tear off his wig
this is a one-way ticket to snap city
i'm telling you he then requests his
wife meet him at the police station
before driving off
along the way carlson breaks free a
struggle ensues and all the meanwhile
kent's transformation accelerates they
end up getting in a crash and ken drags
out carlson to seek out his advice while
he can still give it
classic twitter comeback then ken
becomes fixated on something
he walks forward and pushes away a man
who asks if he's okay
we see cat march towards a car with two
children in the back his stomach groans
and growls but he ultimately overcomes
the urge and runs into the woods
meanwhile meg visits the police station
ken never makes it so she tells the cops
what she can
we see the next day that meg has
informed the school and her son jack
not to let cat pick him up she also has
a look at the book he left
spooky let's go back to what ken was up
to last night after running into the
woods he stumbles upon a small campsite
where we find a small boy
you left your dirty plate by the fire
ooh almost scared me there as the boy
stumbles through the dark
he overhears ken's talkative stomach he
shines a light on him scaring himself in
the process
kent meekly asks for a little bit of
food the boy obliges
slowly walking up and offering a snack
the next day ken visits a gas station
bathroom and inspects his deteriorating
condition
his eyes are changing and his teeth have
sharpened to a razor's edge
suddenly a bunch of field trippers stop
by for a potty break ken hides in the
stall stalking his prey
the urges overpower him as he reaches
down towards the leg fortunately
he slips which snaps him back to reality
he hops on a bus and sulks before
visiting one of the many properties he
manages
as he tries to enter he's confronted by
robbie a little neighbor
he asks if he's a clown before making
note of ken's rumbling stomach
whoa you're really hungry ken warns him
to stay away and enters the apartment
then gives himself a fake check
looking tight not like literally the
suit is becoming skin
suddenly we hear a knock and find that
robbie has returned with a snack
and some cereal you see what i did there
ken closes the door and collapses in
agony as he resists the inner clown we
cut to meghan home with jack where they
notice that young pupper is acting a
fool
perhaps because he ate the clown nose
then kent calls in
i am going to kermit suicide
whoa i did not expect that well that's
the end of the movie hope you enjoyed
fight meg decides she's gonna run
through all those properties in an
effort to find him
meanwhile ken tries his hand at
woodworking as he sets up his elaborate
off switch meg searches far and wide
looks like she's found the right place
while she looks for the right key ken is
about to finish the job suddenly the
door opens startling him and saving his
life
oh god no you know what they say when
life gives you lemons
as he enjoys his meal meg pulls up she
please with him to open the door and
while he's initially hesitant he
eventually gives in
don't look inside she obliges and per
his request ties him up in the basement
then she inspects the book again and
learns more about the carlson brothers
it seems martin worked at a children's
cancer hospital in one of the pictures
we can see his brother dressed up in the
clown outfit entertaining some children
somehow meg breaks into carlson's
hospital room and tries to talk to him
but his jaws wired shut she reveals that
she knows he was once trapped in the
suit as well
via pen and paper he states that only he
could help her husband and also warns
don't trust him left without answers meg
visits martin's house in search of the
truth
in the basement she finds a medieval
looking chair and a camera pointed at it
we witnessed the creature in the full
glory of its final form before cutting
back to kent
he spits out what remains of robbie
before we spawn jack who just ran home
from school
kent calls out for him prompting jack to
lean his ear against the basement door
come downstairs
whoa are we on tick tock jack reveals
that he was bullied at school today by
colton
then ken asked for the bowl cutters
meanwhile meg receives a call from
denise asking if she's still supposed to
pick up jack
because he gone oh no she rushes back to
the house and the basement door is open
she asked where daddy went and we got to
colton's house you guys
suck balls ah the average fortnite fan
look who's here colton gets up to
investigate while his friends take
advantage
kent corners him and while colton
cower's in fear his friends chat in the
background about how he bullied jack
back to meg she tucks jack into bed then
finds out her beloved dog has gotten
rabid
carlson pulled up with the clutch wait
how do you know where she live
anyway he yanks out the wires in his
mouth and finally gives us some much
needed exposition
remember this guy owns a costume shop
one day he
one day he received a shipment from
iceland following an estate sale of some
rich weirdo
inside everything had rotted away except
for the clown suit
wanting to put it to a noble cause
before selling it he visited his
brother's hospital to cheer up the kids
and that was the last thing he
remembered his next memory was waking up
with the costume removed
you see in the meanwhile his brother had
offered up five terminally ill subjects
in order to break the curse
he also reveals that the costume is
indestructible and so the only other
option is cutting off the demon's head
meg refuses to take such dire action
believing her husband incapable of such
heinous deeds
they head to the basement and carlson
identifies the bones that can't spit out
as belonging to a young boy
a curious jack interrupts sharing that
his dad went to colton's house
meg drops jack off with her dad then we
check up on our favorite fortnite player
carlson speculates as to where ken could
be at next oh no
oh an all-you-can-eat buffet meg heads
in to investigate while carson waits
she searches for like 30 seconds then
gives up and returns back
oh my god carlson is gone what a
surprise
back inside one of the boys looks for
his brother he crawls up the
what do you call these things tube
anyway he works his way up and runs into
a girl
don't go up there however mama ain't
raised don't be
oh there he is and there he goes the boy
saves his brother
then volunteers his tribute a frenzy
ensues as the
severed arm slides down panicked parents
rush out with their children as meg
rushes back in
she runs into carlson and the pair
follow a blood trail before finding kent
he groans and asks where am i then
carlson goes in for the kill however
he's no match for the killer clown
kent looms over his body while meg
pleads with him to stop he can save you
lady how many times does this guy have
to tell you that's not gonna happen
anyway the demon assumes full control
and demands
if she doesn't bring him one he's gonna
snack on jack he tells her where to
bring a child
then runs off meg heads out leaving
carlson to face the cops alone
damn she did my man's dirty she checks
up on her dad who's considering bringing
jack home
for literally no reason meg begs him not
to and he curiously asks about cat
is he home what did he do suddenly meg
spots a tribute
don't do it oh thank god meg decides to
head home
and we see that her dad had the same
idea he finds some bones
then we cut to meg arriving she
confronts him and he promises to help
her cover up whatever kent did
but ken has different plans
brutal whoa at last his final form has
been achieved
he demands his final sacrifice and
chases after meg she arms herself in the
garage and waits
the demon pins her to the wall and oh i
totally forgot to mention she's pregnant
as her stomach is pierced she calls out
for jack to run
which inadvertently prompts the clown to
switch targets way to go mom
jack runs away and finds a hiding spot
while the creature hunts him down
meg's motherly instincts kick in and she
goes ham
she manages to critically injure the
demon but pays for it with a chunk of
flesh
afterwards jack spends his final moments
crying like a little bit
never mind meg traps the creature by its
neck as he tries to break free the chain
digs deeper and deeper into its
compromised neck
however the demon has a trick up its
sleeve
wanting to save ken meg asked jack to
grab some more chains and the book
but jack is like what are you smoking
that ain't dead
oh yeah you're right